What is xpath
What is difference between relative xpath and absolute xpath?
How do you find the relative and absolute xpath of an element on the page?
How do you do the multibrowser testing with selenium.
What are the different locators available in Selenium?
How do we setup Selenium Grid, Explain with commnads to be used for creating Node and Hub.
Write the driver initialization code for Different browsers.
How do we handle the multipe windows in webdriver.
How do we handle web page alerts.
How do we handle confirmation dialog.
Have you ever heard about Xpath ancestor, siblings.
How can we put the value in a disabled textbox.
What is the ideal approach for sending a large text to a textbox.
How do you deal with the certificate errors?
Is there any difference between accessing http://gmail.com and https://gmail.com
How do we handle OS windows dialog in Selenium.
What are desired capabilities?
Difference between Selenium RC and Selenium Web driver.
Difference between Web driver listener and TestNG Listener.
Which is the best way to locate an element?
Why do we store the FireFoxDriver class object in reference of WebDriver class. Can we store it directly in FireFoxDriver reference itself
What is the difference between thread.Sleep() and selenium. Set Speed ("2000")?
How do we handle the dynamic id of the webelement.
In what situation selenium finding element get fails?
What is the difference between "GET" and "NAVIGATE" to open a web page in selenium web driver?
Please tell me the difference b/w implicitly Wait and Explicit wait.
What is the difference between driver.Close() and driver.Quit () method?
How to scroll web element?
What is the basic use of Firefox profiles and how can we use them using selenium?
How to handle internationalisation through web driver?
How to overcome same origin policy through web driver?
What is Error Collector in TestNG? What is its use?
How can we get the font size, font color, font type used for a particular text on a webpage using Selenium web driver?
Can we run the testcases in parallel on multiple browsers without using the Selenium Grid.
Is it possible test web services using selenium?
How to refresh a page without using context click?
Can u send a code for printing in selenium?
How to find broken images in a page using Selenium Web driver.
How to handle auto complete box in web driver?
What is FirefoxBinary class? why is it used.



What is TestNG?
What are the different annotations used in TestNG?
What is differenec between TestNG and Junit?
What is the purpose of BeforeClass and AfterClass annotation in TestNG?
What are the different challenges faced by you while working on Selenium automation?
Explain reporting in TestNG.

Explain OOPS concept.
What is inheritance, Polymorphism and Encapsulation?
Explain PSVM in details.
Types of inheritance in Java.
What is inheritance, how does it work, what is the purpose of it.
How do we use inheritance in Java.
How do we use interfaces in Java.
What is deadly diamond od death in Java.
What are the different access specifers for Class and Method in Java.

Tell me about yourself.
Explain about the project.
Tell me about your role and responsibilities in team being as automation tester.
What do you do when there is a script failure during automation run.
How do you identify the objects on webpage. Explain in steps.
Is there any other way for typing the text in a textbox other than sendkeys method.
What is alternative to .click() method. in selenium.
What is code repository being used in your project.

What does DECODE function do in SQL.
